content/community/events/index.en.md, before:

---
updated: 2022-02-22
contribute: true
disclaimer: verify
title: Events
seo: An overview of real world and virtual Ethereum Classic related events. ETC Summit and the weekly Community Call are welcome to all!
contributors:
  - IstoraMandiri
  - bobsummerwill
---

Magic happens when people come together and share ideas, and participants throughout the ETC community have spontaneously organized to form real life and online gatherings to focus their attention on improving Ethereum Classic.

## Community Calls

Every Thursday, usually at UTC 1500, a group voice chat takes place in the Ethereum Classic [Discord](https://ethereumclassic.org/discord) server. Occasionally a special guest will join the chat for Questions and Answers with the community. These calls are usually recorded, and you can find these recordings on the ETC Community Calls [repository](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/community-calls).

Everybody, regardless of level of involvement in ETC, is welcome to join this chat and there is usually time available to open the floor to questions if you'd like to bring something up.

## ETC Summit

Since Ethereum Classic's inception (barring global travel restrictions), each year an ETC Summit has been held in various cities all over the world.

These in-person conferences allow otherwise internet-only community members to meet and great in the flesh, to better coordinate and hash out ideas, maybe over a drink or two.

Some community members also take the stage and present ideas on a number of topics related to Ethereum Classic.

So far, the following summits have been held:

- 2019 Vancouver
- 2018 Seoul
- 2017 Hong Kong

Videos of the presentations are available under the [Videos > Conferences](/videos/conferences) section.

## Core Dev Calls

The ETC Core Devs Call is a technical discussion call for developers working on the Ethereum Classic clients and/or ECIP process.

These calls has no set schedule, but occur fairly frequently throughout the year. Proposed calls are announced in the form of GitHub issues in the [ECIPs repo](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+Devs+Call).

Commit message:

Update community call info
In accordance with https://github.com/ethereumclassic/community-calls/issues/17

content/community/events/index.en.md, after:

---
updated: 2022-02-22
contribute: true
disclaimer: verify
title: Events
seo: An overview of real world and virtual Ethereum Classic related events. ETC Summit and the weekly Community Call are welcome to all!
contributors:
  - IstoraMandiri
  - bobsummerwill
---

Magic happens when people come together and share ideas, and participants throughout the ETC community have spontaneously organized to form real life and online gatherings to focus their attention on improving Ethereum Classic.

## Community Calls

**Update: The Weekly Community Call is temporarily suspended until Q4 2022**

Every Thursday, usually at UTC 1500, a group voice chat takes place in the Ethereum Classic [Discord](https://ethereumclassic.org/discord) server. Occasionally a special guest will join the chat for Questions and Answers with the community. These calls are usually recorded, and you can find these recordings on the ETC Community Calls [repository](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/community-calls).

Everybody, regardless of level of involvement in ETC, is welcome to join this chat and there is usually time available to open the floor to questions if you'd like to bring something up.

## ETC Summit

Since Ethereum Classic's inception (barring global travel restrictions), each year an ETC Summit has been held in various cities all over the world.

These in-person conferences allow otherwise internet-only community members to meet and great in the flesh, to better coordinate and hash out ideas, maybe over a drink or two.

Some community members also take the stage and present ideas on a number of topics related to Ethereum Classic.

So far, the following summits have been held:

- 2019 Vancouver
- 2018 Seoul
- 2017 Hong Kong

Videos of the presentations are available under the [Videos > Conferences](/videos/conferences) section.

## Core Dev Calls

The ETC Core Devs Call is a technical discussion call for developers working on the Ethereum Classic clients and/or ECIP process.

These calls has no set schedule, but occur fairly frequently throughout the year. Proposed calls are announced in the form of GitHub issues in the [ECIPs repo](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+Devs+Call).
