content/blog/2022-02-21-core-devs-call-22-ecip-1049-proposed-rejection/index.en.md, before:

---
title: "ETC Core Devs Call 22: ECIP-1049 Proposed Rejection"
date: 2022-02-21
author: r0n1n
tags: ["announcement", "development", "education", "teams", "hardfork", "media"]
---

![ETC Core Devs Call 22 - ECIP-1049 Proposed Rejection](./ethereum_classic_ecip_wallpaper.png)

## ETC Core Devs Call 22 - ECIP-1049 Proposed Rejection

* [https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/460](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/460)

* When: Monday, February 21st, 2022, 17:00 UTC, 120 minutes max.
* Where: [Ethereum Classic Discord](https://ethereumclassic.org/discord), the mods will set up a voice channel for the call. Please mute your microphone unless you are talking for clear recording. Participation is encouraged.
* Focus: REJECT SHA3-256/Keccak256 Mining Algorithm Change due to a high-probability risk of Contentious Chain Split between GPU Miners on ETCHash and FPGA & ASIC Miners on SHA3. ECIP-1049 is in violation of Ethereum Classic founding documents and the ECIP process. At this point, the contentious proposal has negative externalities on the network and is a resource drain. Move to reject the proposal after three years of technical discussion. If the proposal is not rejected, begin plans for a chain split.

## Agenda

ECIP-1000 Clause: "ECIPs should be changed from Draft or Last Call status, to Rejected, upon request by any person, if they have not made progress in three years. Such a ECIP may be changed to Draft status if the champion provides revisions that meaningfully address public criticism of the proposal, or to Last Call if it meets the criteria required as described in the previous paragraph."

[https://ecips.ethereumclassic.org/ECIPs/ecip-1000](https://ecips.ethereumclassic.org/ECIPs/ecip-1000)

* Follow Up from: [#382](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/382)
* Formal Proposed Rejection: [#394 comment](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/394#issuecomment-1022909537)
* Documented Github Opposition: [#394 comment](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/394#issuecomment-828160552)

* If time permits: review ECIP-1094 and ECIP-1096 for activity. Newer proposals but appear to be abandoned by the authors as well. Should these be Withdrawn?

### Please review the issue thread to find the most up to date information.

### Related Discussions:
* 1. [ECIP-1049: Change the ETC Proof of Work Algorithm to Keccak256 #8](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/8)
* 2. [ECIP-1049: Change the ETC Proof of Work Algorithm to Keccak-256 #13](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/13)
* 3. [ETC Core Devs Call(s) 2020 Q3: Hardfork #333](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/333)
* 4. [ECIP-1095: Change ETC PoW to "vanilla" Sha-3 Discussion #342](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/342)
* 5. [ETC Core Devs Call 13 & 14 #362](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/362)
* 6. [ETC Core Devs Call 15 - ECIP-1049 Breakout Session Keccak-256 #382](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/382)
* 7. [SHA3 Precompile ethereum/EIPs#2951](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/2951)
* 8. [Core Devs Call 15 Recording](https://vimeo.com/464336957)
* 9. [Change the ETC Proof of Work Algorithm to Keccak-256 #394](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/394)
* 10. [Core Devs Call 19 Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WySNxZbDEkQ)
* 11. [Community Call 005 Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaDANZN-ZUU&t=1586s)
* 12. [Community Call 010 Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DRZEaKkpb4)
* 13. [ETC Core Devs Call 22: Proposed Rejection of ECIP-1049 #460](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/460)

### It should be noted in this new discussion thread, this ECIP appears to be contentious (as documented in all the previous threads/recordings) and has a high-probability of a chain split between the GPU Miners on ETCHash and the FPGA & ASIC miners on SHA3.

### Recording of Core Devs Call 22

* To be posted after meeting...

### Conclusion

* To be updated after meeting...

Please direct future commentary to the newest ECIP 1049 discussion thread. However, please review the historical threads. There is plenty of technical discussion.

* [Thread 394](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/394)

![ETC Core Devs Call 22 - ECIP-1049 Proposed Rejection](./etc_cdc.png)

Commit message:

ECIP-1000 Reject Clause
Three year rejection.

content/blog/2022-02-21-core-devs-call-22-ecip-1049-proposed-rejection/index.en.md, after:

---
title: "ETC Core Devs Call 22: ECIP-1049 Proposed Rejection"
date: 2022-02-21
author: r0n1n
tags: ["announcement", "development", "education", "teams", "hardfork", "media"]
---

![ETC Core Devs Call 22 - ECIP-1049 Proposed Rejection](./ethereum_classic_ecip_wallpaper.png)

## ETC Core Devs Call 22 - ECIP-1049 Proposed Rejection

* [https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/460](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/460)

* When: Monday, February 21st, 2022, 17:00 UTC, 120 minutes max.
* Where: [Ethereum Classic Discord](https://ethereumclassic.org/discord), the mods will set up a voice channel for the call. Please mute your microphone unless you are talking for clear recording. Participation is encouraged.
* Focus: REJECT SHA3-256/Keccak256 Mining Algorithm Change due to a high-probability risk of Contentious Chain Split between GPU Miners on ETCHash and FPGA & ASIC Miners on SHA3. ECIP-1049 is in violation of Ethereum Classic founding documents and the ECIP process. At this point, the contentious proposal has negative externalities on the network and is a resource drain. Move to reject the proposal after three years of technical discussion. If the proposal is not rejected, begin plans for a chain split.

## Agenda

ECIP-1000 Clause: "ECIPs should be changed from Draft or Last Call status, to Rejected, upon request by any person, if they have not made progress in three years. Such a ECIP may be changed to Draft status if the champion provides revisions that meaningfully address public criticism of the proposal, or to Last Call if it meets the criteria required as described in the previous paragraph."

The reason for `Reject` status under this clause is that the champion has not met this requirement during the three years: "the champion provides revisions that meaningfully address public criticism of the proposal". Rather, the champion has ignored much valid criticism and abandoned the proposal.
[https://ecips.ethereumclassic.org/ECIPs/ecip-1000](https://ecips.ethereumclassic.org/ECIPs/ecip-1000)

* Follow Up from: [#382](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/382)
* Formal Proposed Rejection: [#394 comment](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/394#issuecomment-1022909537)
* Documented Github Opposition: [#394 comment](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/394#issuecomment-828160552)

* If time permits: review ECIP-1094 and ECIP-1096 for activity. Newer proposals but appear to be abandoned by the authors as well. Should these be Withdrawn?

### Please review the issue thread to find the most up to date information.

### Related Discussions:
* 1. [ECIP-1049: Change the ETC Proof of Work Algorithm to Keccak256 #8](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/8)
* 2. [ECIP-1049: Change the ETC Proof of Work Algorithm to Keccak-256 #13](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/13)
* 3. [ETC Core Devs Call(s) 2020 Q3: Hardfork #333](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/333)
* 4. [ECIP-1095: Change ETC PoW to "vanilla" Sha-3 Discussion #342](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/342)
* 5. [ETC Core Devs Call 13 & 14 #362](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/362)
* 6. [ETC Core Devs Call 15 - ECIP-1049 Breakout Session Keccak-256 #382](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/382)
* 7. [SHA3 Precompile ethereum/EIPs#2951](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/2951)
* 8. [Core Devs Call 15 Recording](https://vimeo.com/464336957)
* 9. [Change the ETC Proof of Work Algorithm to Keccak-256 #394](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/394)
* 10. [Core Devs Call 19 Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WySNxZbDEkQ)
* 11. [Community Call 005 Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaDANZN-ZUU&t=1586s)
* 12. [Community Call 010 Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DRZEaKkpb4)
* 13. [ETC Core Devs Call 22: Proposed Rejection of ECIP-1049 #460](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/460)

### It should be noted in this new discussion thread, this ECIP appears to be contentious (as documented in all the previous threads/recordings) and has a high-probability of a chain split between the GPU Miners on ETCHash and the FPGA & ASIC miners on SHA3.

### Recording of Core Devs Call 22

* To be posted after meeting...

### Conclusion

* To be updated after meeting...

Please direct future commentary to the newest ECIP 1049 discussion thread. However, please review the historical threads. There is plenty of technical discussion.

* [Thread 394](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/issues/394)

![ETC Core Devs Call 22 - ECIP-1049 Proposed Rejection](./etc_cdc.png)
