TODO-3022.md, before:

# TODOs

```
today
- Media kit in the extra menu, show logos with color input selector
- social sharing links
- front page content
- option for page updated date
- finish contributors corner, ensure contributors are removed if removed
- blog: article hide title if there's a H1 (better, use the H1)

styling
- tidy existing content,
- refine tailwind,
- DRY component styles
- dark theme
- responsive

after; CONTENT
- Videos Section, a bit like news, but more cinema-y, with a collection, move news items to videos?
- Icons tree shaking
- ctrl f TODO
- fix images in german blog posts
- Check https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/23345, if not fixed split non-blog markdown into it's own renderer with specific imports
- copywriting
- frontpage
- redirect /blog
- check all content keys correct
- https://victorzhou.com/blog/minify-svgs/

preflight
- Add comment to all YAML files explaining format __
- Ensure old site feature parity
- i18n 404 redirects, make sure all old pages get redirected
- Update all INTERNAL links (perhaps with whitelist based on the link)
- check page metadata, rss feeds and sitemap are correct
- New Social Sharing Image
- Update Readme
- i18n contributions flow
- Change url refs from netlify

~~~ 3022.V1 RELEASE ~~~

- Github project issues

vNext
- add lastMod last modification date to pages / sitemap for SEO
- use Git Blame to automatically add contributors

Content Ideas
- How to contribute (not just ECIPs)
- Extract concepts from LCETTC
- Story about history and The Original Ethereum vision
- BTC + ETH = ETC
```

Commit message:

Frontpage news, divider, updaed, contributors, tweaks

TODO-3022.md, after:

# TODOs

```
today
- social sharing links, other stuff in blog sidebar?

styling
- tidy existing content,
- refine tailwind,
- DRY component styles
- dark theme
- responsive

after; CONTENT
- Icons tree shaking
- ctrl f TODO
- fix images in german blog posts
- Check https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/23345, if not fixed split non-blog markdown into it's own renderer with specific imports
- copywriting
- frontpage
- redirect /blog
- check all content keys correct
- https://victorzhou.com/blog/minify-svgs/
- show iamges from blog posts, option to add image to news items, if they exist?

preflight
- Add comment to all YAML files explaining format __
- Ensure old site feature parity
- i18n 404 redirects, make sure all old pages get redirected
- Update all INTERNAL links (perhaps with whitelist based on the link)
- check page metadata, rss feeds and sitemap are correct
- New Social Sharing Image
- Update Readme
- i18n contributions flow
- Change url refs from netlify

~~~ 3022.V1 RELEASE ~~~

- Github project issues

vNext
- Videos Section, a bit like news, but more cinema-y, with a collection, move news items to videos?
- Media kit in the extra menu, show logos with color input selector
- add lastMod last modification date to pages / sitemap for SEO
- use Git Blame to automatically add contributors

Content Ideas
- How to contribute (not just ECIPs)
- Extract concepts from LCETTC
- Story about history and The Original Ethereum vision
- BTC + ETH = ETC
```
