content/blog/2019-10-19-bob-summerwill-to-speak-at/index.en.md, before:

---
title: "Bob Summerwill to speak at Global Digital Assets (Vancouver) Summit 2019"
date: 2019-10-19
author: Bob Summerwill
---

**19th October 2019 – Vancouver, Canada** – The [ETC Cooperative](https://etccooperative.org) today announced that [Bob Summerwill](https://twitter.com/bobsummerwill), its Executive Director, will be speaking at the [Global Digital Assets (Vancouver) Summit 2019](https://gdasummit.com) on Sunday 27th October 2019 on "*What's Happening with Ethereum Classic?*"

![GDA Summit](./gdasummit_bob.jpeg)

The Global Digital Asset Vancouver Summit is on Sunday, October 27 at the Pan Pacific Hotel in Vancouver, Canada.  This second annual  event brings together enterprise blockchain and entrepreneurs who are interested in exploring or working in the cryptocurrency or blockchain space.  

Other speakers include [Jun Du](https://everipedia.org/wiki/lang_en/jun-du), founder of Node Capital, Founder of Jinse Finance, Co-founder of ChainUP and BiKi, [Matthew Unger](https://twitter.com/ungermatt?lang=en), CEO of iComply and [Afshin Doust](https://www.ai-systems.ca/afshin-doust-ceo/), CEO of Advanced Intelligent Systems.

Register at http://www.gdasummit.com/

## About ETC Cooperative

The ETC Cooperative is a Delaware-incorporated 501(c)(3) public charity, which seeks to accelerate the growth of Ethereum Classic.

Commit message:

Add `metaImage` field to blog articles to generate social linked image

content/blog/2019-10-19-bob-summerwill-to-speak-at/index.en.md, after:

---
title: "Bob Summerwill to speak at Global Digital Assets (Vancouver) Summit 2019"
date: 2019-10-19
author: Bob Summerwill
metaImage: ./gdasummit_bob.jpeg
metaDescription: The ETC Cooperative today announced that Bob Summerwill, its Executive Director, will be speaking at the Global Digital Assets (Vancouver) Summit 2019
---

**19th October 2019 – Vancouver, Canada** – The [ETC Cooperative](https://etccooperative.org) today announced that [Bob Summerwill](https://twitter.com/bobsummerwill), its Executive Director, will be speaking at the [Global Digital Assets (Vancouver) Summit 2019](https://gdasummit.com) on Sunday 27th October 2019 on "*What's Happening with Ethereum Classic?*"

![GDA Summit](./gdasummit_bob.jpeg)

The Global Digital Asset Vancouver Summit is on Sunday, October 27 at the Pan Pacific Hotel in Vancouver, Canada.  This second annual  event brings together enterprise blockchain and entrepreneurs who are interested in exploring or working in the cryptocurrency or blockchain space.  

Other speakers include [Jun Du](https://everipedia.org/wiki/lang_en/jun-du), founder of Node Capital, Founder of Jinse Finance, Co-founder of ChainUP and BiKi, [Matthew Unger](https://twitter.com/ungermatt?lang=en), CEO of iComply and [Afshin Doust](https://www.ai-systems.ca/afshin-doust-ceo/), CEO of Advanced Intelligent Systems.

Register at http://www.gdasummit.com/

## About ETC Cooperative

The ETC Cooperative is a Delaware-incorporated 501(c)(3) public charity, which seeks to accelerate the growth of Ethereum Classic.
