---
title: All that's new in Classic - October Edition
date: 2017-10-25
author: pyskell (Anthony)
tags: ["application", "development", "education"]
---

Gather ‘round boys and girls, it’s time for an update on where Ethereum Classic
is and where it’s heading.

## Development is expanding, marketing is ramping up, and we got spammed

We’ve got the [ETC Summit](https://etcsummit.com/), 4 new [ETCDEV Team
members](https://www.etcdevteam.com/), 2 [new](https://github.com/yograterol)
[members](https://github.com/dikortis) of the Ethereum Commonwealth, [constant
Twitter updates](https://twitter.com/Etciscoming), and a [great
podcast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J35gvnA-L2c&list=PLKO8sMfwkZQqM444-qiILRDooRsvjV4_5).
We’ve actually had the podcast for a while ([I was even on
it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llKq3viB_qo&index=20&list=PLKO8sMfwkZQqM444-qiILRDooRsvjV4_5)!),
I just forgot to mention it in the last article. Commonwealth is even
[transcribing
it](https://github.com/EthereumCommonwealth/LetsTalkETC/tree/master/Episodes).

We also had some issues with spam on Slack and no effective way to deal with it.
We just didn’t have tools on Slack. So we’ve moved to Discord. [Come join us
there!](https://discord.gg/bMGuZsA)

## For the users

[Emerald Wallet](https://github.com/ethereumproject/emerald-wallet/releases) —
Now with token and Ledger Nano S support!

[Daedulus ](https://github.com/input-output-hk/daedalus/releases)— In
development. It’s a brand new wallet from IOHK that will support both Classic
and Cardano blockchains. I’ve used it on Cardano, it’s pretty slick. Classic
support is [coming soon](https://youtu.be/d6scO_RMEgQ).

[DexNS](https://www.reddit.com/r/EthereumClassic/comments/70mnx3/dexns_30_the_naming_service_that_will_facilitate/)
— Version 3.0 is being rolled out. It provides several advantages over
Ethereum’s ENS, instant name registration, and simple integration with
smart-contract based services.

[My Ether Wallet/Classic Ether Wallet](https://github.com/Dexaran/etherwallet) —
Cross-chain security is improving, and easier integration with tokens/DexNS is
in the works. Over 8,000 installs of the CEW Chrome Extension with 25 new users
a day!

[ClassicMask](https://github.com/Dexaran/ClassicMask/tree/dist) — MetaMask for
the Classic network. Now with DexNS support!

[Phoenix Project](https://medium.com/@pyskell/making-a-mascot-d28eb3c2e560) —
Community-created branding guidelines (and a [sweet-looking
mascot](https://imgur.com/a/zullj)) are nearly finalized. An announcement is
coming soon.

## For the techies

Callisto — Ethereum Commonwealth is planning to design and launch a new Classic
testnet called “Callisto” where new features can be tested. [Yohan
Graterol](https://medium.com/u/867a20e6ed8c) is heading this project.

[SputnikVM ](https://github.com/ethereumproject/sputnikvm-dev/releases)— Used
for testing new Classic contracts, written in Rust, with planned features to
make development easier. It’s been updated with better support for the [Truffle
Framework](http://truffleframework.com/) and [RPC calls to aid
debugging](https://github.com/ethereumproject/sputnikvm-dev/wiki/Debug-RPCs).
The more technical details are covered at [Wei Tang’s wonderful
blog](https://that.world/~classic/).

## For the blockchain

[ECIP-1017](http://ecip1017.com/) — With this fork ETC will have a stable coin
supply. Going live around December 12th.

[ECIP-1035](https://github.com/ethereumproject/ECIPs/pull/78) — Stealth
addresses to keep transactions private, just like a bank account or credit card.
This builds upon [ECIP-1025](https://github.com/ethereumproject/ECIPs/pull/66)
which provides for RingCT/zkSNARKs-style transactions.

So there you have it, all that’s new in Classic in the past 2 months. Delivered
by our 3 development teams, [ETCDEV](http://www.etcdevteam.com/), [Ethereum
Commonwealth](https://dexaran.github.io/ICO/), and
[IOHK](https://iohk.io/projects/ethereum-classic/). And this is just the new
announcements, for even more recent Classic goodness check out my [previous
article](https://medium.com/@pyskell/all-thats-new-in-classic-dd2749be5aec).

This article is under the [CC0
License](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). Use it however you
want.

### [Pyskell](https://medium.com/@pyskell)

Coder, Project Manager, Blockchain enthusiast
